hey it's my birthday today and it seemed to me
nice to my birthday and buy vinyl
put it online and of course I'm not going
Share the salad with you at the start of this
week or another healthy recipe because that
just does not belong to birthday
this today May 5 liberation day and 25
was born years ago and today go
I share a recipe with you for triple
chocolate marvin
these are all ingredients for the
muffins and as always suggests now
display all exact quantities below
in the description
I am going to start again more is of course
we the three different types
chocolate and then be
dime bevis little to
mother two ends
sunflower oil semi - skimmed milk flour and
baking powder and light brown caster sugar
skinny muffins is a breeze
in fact it is only a matter
throw all the ingredients together
she works it anyone can do it
start again with dry
ingredients so do the sugar and I come
and thereby I also add the baking powder and
Coming up dick and tasty there
also a pinch of salt by salt and
chocolate go really well together
and if you add a little salt to
recipes that also contain chocolate
booties chocolate taste that extra intention
you want of course
I add the cocoa powder and scoop this
I with a wooden spoon just like that
put this aside for a moment and then you can
in another I come the wet one
ingredients go together we mix
you have another clean batter bowl and
I put all the notting spirit in there and that
are the oil in the milk
I already know that the questions get or
you can also use olive oil on it
rather not olive oil has one
taste and that also influences the taste
of sunflower oil muffins has this
you were not allowed to use sunflower oil
home then you can have another
neutral
oil used like nice Jews
for instance
I also asked the ends 2
pieces
and with the whisk I knock this loose
by each other
so only a moment if it goes well with
mixed together then finished the
comes with wet ingredients
pushed aside
then I take the dry bowl
ingredients are added again and there
the wet ingredients may, by
now you can mix the i with the mixes
but I can't actually do that to you
recommend because for muffins the how
the longer you mix the drier the cake becomes
is actually so I'm just this
Stir with a wooden spoon in you
see that we will soon be whole
soon becomes a batter and you have to
actually really only a moment to
ingredients in common
then it is actually good as you see
happens on thought very quickly
look like that's actually good and now like
last naturally sweet chocolate in there
a trusted three types of pure milk
white simply forms all in this
we just put it around the corpse you
him chocolate but well it's my birthday
so I can
all we have to do now
is filling the muffin molds and the
start baking muffins
and I've covered a muffin mold here
with silicone shapes I am really a fan
of silicone muffin molds because that
you don't have to grease
I usually do here in the muffins
let them take out and bake in others
put papers because then you have too
just most still looked over with that
paper molds remain looked at
paste bayla
clean not useful silicone mold
real man i use two tablespoons
and with that I just scoop the batter
the molds and I do the molds delicious
full because I like it as the
Muffins really travel really well
really have such a beautiful high summit
muffin molds are super full I have
the oven preheated 180 degrees and now
let's bake the muffins
I do that in the middle of the oven and
I expect them to be around 20
minutes ready they get this even bigger
muffins
I just came across so she needs a moment
let it cool down but I really can't
waiting to try and see them really
great and look really nice
tasted exactly the same at the top
I want them
only part so but we'll go later
tasting chocolate muffins and ham evening
I secretly already have a little bit
tasted others had to take pictures
but of course still wanted to
your relationship knew you something in one
placed a sign
as you see very beautiful dark
and I have the silicone mold off
achieved
but look what it looks like inside
really how do you do square when you do
already looks a little chocolate now white
chocolate is really a bit hard and too
deep hour and milk are really melted them
are so incredibly tasty
so really such a flea market can top on such
muffin on the inside is really still
nice and soft are really the ultimate
birthday hat and I really get here
very happy of it
and as you have seen its really super
easy to make so yes make them
just in jersey on the weekend or on
a weekday so you're free
or just enjoy it
just nice could your name be this
recipe still have questions even then
feel free to comment below and leave
certainly also your suggestions behind
other recipes if you want me to use it
get started then I will certainly do that
thanks for watching you don't forget
to subscribe to my channel and see you
again on Thursday or Friday
bye